add info about allowlists and custom rules STO-7396 (#6318)
harness/developer-hub: docs/security-testing-orchestration/sto-techref-category/gitleaks-scanner-reference.md

For a description of the end-to-end workflow, go to [Ingest SARIF data](/docs/security-testing-orchestration/use-sto/orchestrate-and-ingest/ingest-sarif-data).

## Important notes

You can write up your own rules in Gitleaks:

> - You can specify a whitelist of public, test, example, and inactive secrets that Gitleaks ignores during a scan. Set up your whitelist in a [.gitleaks.toml file](https://github.com/harness/sto-core/blob/develop/.gitleaks.toml) and place it at the root of your repository. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can specify an allowlist of public, test, example, and inactive secrets that Gitleaks ignores during a scan. Set up your allowlist in a [.gitleaks.toml file](https://github.com/harness/sto-core/blob/develop/.gitleaks.toml) and place it at the root of your repository. 
```

> - You can specify an allowlist of public, test, example, and inactive secrets that Gitleaks ignores during a scan. Set up your allowlist in a [.gitleaks.toml file](https://github.com/harness/sto-core/blob/develop/.gitleaks.toml) and place it at the root of your repository. 

Reviewer 2: sto-core is a private repository; you might need to add an example here or to a public repository.

>   When you update passwords, tokens, or other secrets to make them inactive, you might find it easier to add the no-longer-valid secrets to your whitelist rather than updating them in the codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When you update passwords, tokens, or other secrets to make them inactive, you might find it easier to add the no-longer-valid secrets to your allowlist rather than updating them in the codebase.
```
